288 update the code examples to use hypercore rather than compression (#4072)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/continuous-aggregates/compression-on-continuous-aggregates.md

keywords: [continuous aggregates, compression]
---

import Since2200 from "versionContent/_partials/_since_2_20_0.mdx";

# Convert continuous aggregates to the columnstore

To save on storage costs, you use $HYPERCORE to downsample historical data stored in $CAGGs. After you 
[enable columnstore][compression_continuous-aggregate] on a `MATERIALIZED VIEW`, you set a 
[columnstore policy][add_columnstore_policy]. This policy defines the intervals when chunks in a $CAGG
are compressed as they are converted from the $ROWSTORE to the $COLUMNSTORE.

$COLUMNSTORE_CAP works in the same way on [$HYPERTABLEs and $CAGGs][hypercore]. When you enable

> $COLUMNSTORE with no other options, your data is [segmentby][alter_materialized_view_arguments] the group by columns 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$COLUMNSTORE with no other options, your data is [segmented by][alter_materialized_view_arguments] the `groupby` columns 
```

> in the $CAGG, and [orderby][alter_materialized_view_arguments] the time column. [Real-time aggregation][real-time-aggregates]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the $CAGG, and [ordered by][alter_materialized_view_arguments] the time column. [Real-time aggregation][real-time-aggregates]
```

is disabled by default.

<Since2200 /> For the old API, see <a href="https://docs.timescale.com/use-timescale/latest/compression/compression-on-continuous-aggregates/">Compress continuous aggregates</a>.

## Configure $COLUMNSTORE on $CAGGs

For an [existing $CAGG][create-cagg]:

<Procedure>

1. **Enable $COLUMNSTORE on a $CAGG**

>    To enable or disable compression on a $CAGG, set `timescaledb.enable_columnstore` when you alter the view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To enable the $COLUMNSTORE compression on a $CAGG, set `timescaledb.enable_columnstore = true` when you alter the view:
```

   ```sql
   ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW <cagg_name> set (timescaledb.enable_columnstore = true,);
   ```

>    To Disable $COLUMNSTORE, set  `timescaledb.enable_columnstore = false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To disable the $COLUMNSTORE compression, set  `timescaledb.enable_columnstore = false`:
```

   IAIN: there was a note here saying this does not work on CAGGS with compressed chunks

   IAIN: I assume that this is not longer the case from 2.20 on.

1. **Set $COLUMNSTORE policies on the $CAGG**

>    Before you setup a $COLUMNSTORE policy on a $CAGG, you first set the [refresh policy][refresh-policy]. To 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Before you set up a $COLUMNSTORE policy on a $CAGG, you first set the [refresh policy][refresh-policy]. To 
```
